The first thing you need to do is to create an AWS account.
You can do this by going to aws.
amazon.
com/free.
You'll press the Create a new AWS account button,
and continue through the registration process.
Once you're done, you'll log into the console.
In the console, you'll look through the available services for IAM,
or Identity and Access Management.
You'll click on IAM, and then navigate to the Users tab.
In that part of the console, you'll create a new user with the Add user button.
As I mentioned before, the serverless framework is fairly permission hungry,
so we'll be creating a user that has admin rights.
Importantly, you want to make this user have programmatic access to the AWS API.
You'll also probably want to have this user have access to the console,
so you can sign in and enable some features later.
In order to go through this whole process,
you may also have to create some groups and assign the user to the group itself.
This process is covered in more detail in my AWS Lambda course,
You're also welcome to review the AWS documentation for
how to create a user with admin rights that has access to
the AWS CLI and the console.
When the user is created,
you'll copy down the access key ID and secret
access key values that you see here.
You'll also have to press the Show values button in order to see the secret.
Copy those values down somewhere where you can use them when you use the AWS configure command later on.